Change pairing guidance (#361)
madetech/handbook: guides/hiring/pairing.md

# Pairing with interview candidates

## Why we pair with candidates
We’re trying to hire people who we’d like to work with. This is a way to try out "working" with them. 

It won’t give us certainty, but we hope it helps us make better decisions.

## When you’ll be needed
You do not need to be there for the whole two-hour interview. 

Remotely, it's good to say hello to the other interviewers so they know you are ready. 

You’ll need to be there for the pairing. This starts 30 minutes after the start of the interview. It lasts 30 minutes.

You’ll need to be there for the ‘debrief’ to share your feedback, after the candidate has left. This is the last 30 minutes of the interview.

For example:
- An interview is taking place at 2pm, lasting until 4pm
- You’ll be needed to pair from 2:30pm, until 3pm.

> - You’ll be needed to discuss the candidate from 1530-1600

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You’ll be needed to discuss the candidate from 3:30pm to 4pm
```

Author: good spot, thanks!
